Copy Page
Codex Security
Find and remediate vulnerabilities with the Codex Security plugin, CLI, TypeScript SDK, or Codex Security Cloud.
Copy Page
Codex Security is an application security agent that helps security and
engineering teams find, confirm, and fix vulnerabilities. Use it in
Codex, from your terminal, through the TypeScript SDK, or with connected GitHub
repositories.
Install local Security plugin
For your first local scan, start with the
Codex Security plugin
quickstart
.
Use Codex Security in the desktop app
In the ChatGPT desktop app, open the ChatGPT dropdown and select
Codex
.
Install and enable the Codex Security plugin to open
Security
in the
sidebar. The Security workbench keeps your scans, findings, and repositories in
one place while Codex runs each scan in a task.
Use
Scans
to start scans, follow their progress, and review saved results.
Use
Findings
to inspect issues and evidence across completed scans.
Use
Repositories
to review repository history and open findings.
See
Use the Security workbench
for the
complete desktop-app workflow.
Explore plugin use cases
Run a security scan
for a repository or one scoped folder.
Run a deep security scan
when you need broader review and can wait longer for it to finish.
Review code changes
before you merge a pull request or branch.
Triage a backlog
when you have existing security findings to review.
Fix and verify findings
with bounded patches for approved findings.
Export or track findings
as portable artifacts or approval-gated tracking destinations.
Write vulnerability reports
from supplied findings, disclosure notes, source, and PoCs.
Propose security hardening
from scan results or other security evidence.
See what’s new
in the Codex Security plugin.
The desktop Security workbench and Codex CLI use the Codex Security plugin.
The separate Codex Security Cloud plugin scans connected GitHub repositories
in Codex cloud. For Codex sandboxing, approvals, network controls, and admin
settings, see
Agent approvals & security
.
Codex Security CLI and SDK
The CLI and TypeScript SDK are available as the public
@openai/codex-security
package.
Run the CLI with
npx
:
npx
@openai/codex-security
--help
Running scans requires Codex Security access. For best results, use an account
verified for
Trusted Access for Cyber
.
Use the same scanner as the plugin across repositories and over time. The CLI
discovers GitHub repositories, resumes bulk scans, tracks findings across
scans, and records false-positive feedback. Add your architecture and security
policies, set an estimated cost limit, or run checks in CI and before commits.
Use the TypeScript SDK to build scanning, progress reporting, and cost controls
into an application or developer tool.
Start with the CLI quickstart
to set up the CLI,
preflight a repository, and run a local scan.
Run bulk security scans
to discover GitHub
repositories or run a resumable campaign from a CSV inventory.
Run scans in CI
to review pull-request changes,
preserve artifacts, upload SARIF, and set a severity policy.
Read the CLI FAQ
for answers about scan history,
false-positive feedback, coverage, and fix verification.
Use the CLI reference
to check supported
commands, flags, output formats, artifacts, and exit codes.
Integrate the TypeScript SDK
to select targets,
inspect results, track progress, and cancel scans from code.
Codex Security Cloud
Codex Security Cloud is a plugin for scanning connected GitHub repositories
in Codex cloud. It’s available in research preview on the web and in the
desktop app.
Open
Plugins
to find and install
Codex Security Cloud
. Follow
Cloud setup
to connect GitHub and start your first scan.
Find Codex Security Cloud
Zoom image
Scroll or swipe to explore. Select Fit image to see the whole screenshot.
Track open findings and fixes across repositories. This example uses
fictional repositories, findings, and counts.
How Codex Security Cloud works
Choose
One-Time Scan
to review a repository once, or
Continuous Scanning
to monitor new commits. Codex uses repository context to identify likely
vulnerabilities and validates issues in an isolated environment when possible.
Use
Scans
to follow progress,
Findings
to review issues, and
Repositories
to manage monitoring. Review proposed patches before
creating a pull request.
Codex Security Cloud access and prerequisites
Use a workspace with Codex Security Cloud access, a connected GitHub
repository, and a compatible Codex cloud environment. You can connect GitHub
and create an environment during scan setup.
If access is unavailable, check with your workspace administrator.
Related docs
Codex Security plugin quickstart
walks through installation and a first local scan.
Security workbench
explains saved scans, findings, repositories, and scan activity in the desktop app.
Codex Security CLI quickstart
walks through setup, preflight, and a first terminal scan.
Run bulk security scans
explains GitHub discovery, CSV inventories, campaign results, and resume behavior.
Codex Security CLI FAQ
answers common questions about scans, findings, coverage, and costs.
Codex Security TypeScript SDK
explains how to run scans from an application or developer tool.
Codex Security Cloud setup
details setup, scanning, and findings review.
Security Review
explains how to run in-depth security reviews on GitHub pull requests.
Improving the threat model
explains how to tune scope, entry points, and criticality assumptions.
Codex Security Cloud FAQ
covers common cloud product questions.
Next
Quickstart